Trading Patterns and Prices in the Interbank Foreign Exchange Market (Bollerslev 93) -
	No relevant information other than using GARCH

A MARKOV MODEL OF SWITCHING-REGIME ARCH - didn't read it; don't care

High-frequency data and volatility in foreign-exchange rates (Zhou 1996)
	Signal to noise ratio in high-frequency data is high. comes up with a 
biased estimator for variance where squared daily return are augmented. Uses 
the expression for the variance of the estimator to find an optimal number
of samples within a trading period, under his model. 

Heterogeneous information arrivals and return volatility dynamics:
   Uncovering the long-run in high frequency returns (Andersen and Bollerslev, 97)
	Using a stochastic volatility model where the 
	attempts to resolve the seemingly conflicting behavior of return 
volatility dynamics that exist at the inter- and intradaily frequencies. Still 
uses AR(2) stochastic volatility model. 

Answering the critics
	uses garch 1,1 to model interday volatility for high frequency data and 
shows why using the coefficient of multiple determination does not show 
contradictory results. Then goes into continuous-time volatility modeling and 
forecast evaulation. Shows that daily squared returns are an unbiased but 
highly noisy for continuous-time volatility model. 


Towards a unified framework for high and low frequency return volatility
   modeling
	weak GARCH
	Paper attempts to answer why standard models for volatility fail on interday level.
Sets up difference between highly significant in-sample estimates and poor forecasting
capability of models. We can do much better forecasting with high-frequency estimation: WHY
Uses GARCH(1,1), but accounts for interday patterns (which attribute to the lack of 
consisntency in the models) by
r = sigma * s(this is the interday pattern compoenent; modelled with flexible fourier
form, where a lot of the modeling is done) * z
	Show results that illustrate that poor predictive power with respect to 
future squared returns is an inherent feature of standard vol. models. Sum of squared
daily returns is an unbiased estimator but sampling at higher frequencies introduces
market microstructure noise. 
	poses the problems very neatly with many references.

The Econometrics of Ultra-High-Frequency Data
	Same idea as in the irregular arrival times paper

Tracking volatility (Cvitanic, 2000)
	model volatility as v(theta_t) where v is a known functions and theta_t can
take on discrete values. Using this, a nonlinear filter is developed for the posterior
distribtuion of theta_t.

Some reflections on analysis of high-frequency data (Andersen 2000) 
	Focuses on how high-freq data can help us understand lower frequency volatility 
better. 
	Section 2: interdaily periodic volatility fluctuations dwarf interday factor that
is of interest. Any inference procedure must accomodate both strong daily periodicity and
longer-run slow decay in the serial dependence
	Section 3: filter out daily periodic component, and the long-memory volatility 
process has the correlogram die out hyperbolically with time. 
	Section 4: spectral analysis of high-freq returns. Estimates for low-freq decay 
component from high-freq data was stable accross different return horizons. GOOD reference
for this in here
	Section 5 and 6: integrated volatility as a superior measure  

A dynamial model describing stock martket price distributions (Masoliver 2000)
	Models the distributions of stock market prices as the sum of infinite number of
jumps. It shows better matching to empirical results on the distributions of prices

Semiparametric estimation of long-memory volatility dependencies: The
   role of high-frequency data (Bollerslev 2000)
	A semi-parametric model
	New set of volatility estimators that extract information about longer-run 
dependencies while relying on higher frequency data to do so. 
	Focuses on the usefulness of high-freq data for degree of fractional integration
in volatility. Studies the price changes as a long-memory vol. process.
	PERIODOGRAMS
	
The distribution of realized exchange rate volatility
	uses sum of squared returns with a higher frequency

The distribution of realized stock return volatility
	uses sum of squared returns with a higher frequency. Better than the above paper
in terms of the references and the story told. 
	They fit an integrated process regression to the volatility
	They get correlations, too
	
On measuring volatility of diffusion processes with high frequency data (barucci 2002)
	Uses FOURIER seriers to estimate sigma(t). Pretty cool!

Modeling the interdependence of volatility and inter-transaction duration processes
	contribution of this paper is the fomulation of an interdependent model for 
volatility and transaction intensity. Seek to extend the power of the recursive Ultra
High Frequency-GARCH (THIS IS FROM "econometrics of high-freq data")
 framework, and provide a specification that makes it possible to 
address empirically the interesting issue of how volatility influences transaction inten-
sity

Towards the fundamentals of technical analysis: analysing the information content of High,
Low, and Close prices
	like return-based GARCH
models, range-based extreme value estimators seem to have the potential of
capturing serial dependencies in the conditional volatility of exchange rates. Our
empirical results suggest that extreme value estimators do an even better job.
	Compares with quadratic variation, so good
